Update PPP and UG (#119)
AY2223S2-CS2103-W16-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Edits an existing person in the address book.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [evt/EVENT_INDEX]…​`

* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.

> * When editing event tags, the event tags will be added to the existing event tags of the person i.e adding of event tags is cumulative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When editing event tags, the event tags will be added to the existing event tags of the person i.e. adding of event tags is cumulative.
```

Author: Edited!

* You can remove all the person’s event tags by typing `evt/` only without specifying any event index after it. 

> * Either the addition of event tags or the removal of event tags can be done at a time. ie removal and addition of event tags cannot be done in a single command. eg. `evt/ evt/2` and `evt/2 evt/` cannot be recognised. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Either the addition of event tags or the removal of event tags can be done at a time, i.e. removal and addition of event tags cannot be done in a single command. For example, `evt/ evt/2` cannot be recognised as removing all the event tags and adding event index 2 and `evt/2 evt/` cannot be recognised as adding event index 2 then removing all the event tags. 
```

Author: Edited!
